Princess, I'm back.
I knew you didn't mean to kill me
Why is this princess willing to kill you?
But you are really brave
He dared to hit on this princess several times
The princess doesn't want a toad that eats swan meat
Not a good frog
This dream is necessary
What if it does?
You say yes.
That's right, don't talk about it in the future
Did Caiyun kill him?
Is this really going to kill?
Of course it's true.
I hate self-righteous people the most
Especially self-righteous men
Obviously so ordinary
Yet so confident
Princess, you have asked Zhang Long to come back to me many times
You don't really want to kill me, do you?
That's right, but can't Ben change his mind?
Yes of course
So I cut him.
Let the princess analyze the integrity
Fengtian carried the emperor's edict
Prepare carefully for the Duke's Mansion
Tomorrow morning.
The emperor is going to the Duke's Mansion for dinner
must not be wrong
surprised
Children's decree
Princess, must you prepare carefully tomorrow?
Never let the emperor eat anything good or bad
Otherwise you will lose your head